so just waiting for the recording and
there we go so this is the 26th of
February the IP episode hands today we
don't have too many things on the agenda
but before we begin again if you have
things that you want to discuss please
add it to the agenda or the other
section that appears you're important
anyways so let's begin the first thing
we were going to talk about which is
from me Victor is that in case you
haven't noticed the Sprint spot is
broken I try to recover it last week but
it seems to not be as easy as I thought
it wants on a server together with a lot
of other things and need to move it to a
separate thing and make sure everything
is working fine so I haven't actually
helped arm through that yet I hope I
will fix this in the middle of this week
so in the meantime if you see something
weird
please let me know and that's it and
then the second point on the agenda is
from little about better release channel
4 I gave that company take away yeah so
by the way let's try if my screen
sharing is fixed so I'll quickly make
sure oh gosh don't tell me done does not
work I do see tire lines on the screen
how about now is it like working corner
now there seems to be no sure shared
screen ok
all right then then I will just quickly
go over the link I've put into the
meeting notes we have a new release of
ipfs browser extension called companion
and what's interesting about this
release is that first
we have a working better channel for
anyone who wants to test the latest and
the greatest features and do not want to
manually install every new developer
beta version we release so if you
install from beta Channel
we have channels for Firefox and Chrome
currently you will be automatically
updated to the next hunt picked better
release and you don't need to do
anything just keep in mind that this
release is a separate extension it has a
separate extension ID so all settings
from the stable release channel will be
separate and better will have own a
namespace for all settings so that if
anything breaks in better you can always
switch back to the stable release
channel and in this latest beta that we
released today he are too nice and very
like Lanka waited features first of all
is initial stab at embedding J's ipfs
and it works in chrome it works in
Firefox for uploads it's based on the
brave work done by Ally and Alan and we
cannot download using embedded note yet
so we use public gateway for downloads
but if you want quickly share file with
your friends you can just grab the like
this better you can even send a link to
this latest better to your friend and
there's no need for external demon if
you want to quickly upload something
like an ephemeral file shot and a second
second feature the released along in
this beta is window that ipfs feature
which is ipfs api proxy
which exposes ipfs api of your note that
note can be external load or it can be
this embedded note that you are running
inside of your browser and you can
expose access to ipfs api to website
it's mostly like initial proof of
concept for developers we have an
initial document that i've shared last
week this is like final polished version
that provides scope based access control
so that if you have an application
served from the public gateway or from
any other gateway those applications
will have separate access controls so
the control will be more strict than the
regular origin and I think that's all
for my and just let us know if you have
any issues with those better versions
those battles are for like dog fooding
we want to test it on different browsers
on different architectures like we had a
user interface problems on Mac that I
was not able to catch because I'm not
using Mac I'm using clinic so even if
you want to switch to the beta that
would be very helpful and we really
really try to keep Bettis stable so that
it won't break your workflow daily
workflow so I think that's all from my
end just let us know what you think yeah
not do you have this is exciting
do you have basically be really cool to
be able to install this beta and then
have a couple recommended sites or apps
or things I could load to just see how
it works with all this permission stuff
and see it see it see that app requests
permissions and things do you have just
like a list of like we it's the answer
is I have two answers to that first
answer is that we
started providing examples in this
document about window ipfs so far we
have only the basic code example what we
will do there is a separate effort to
provide landing page after new user
installs extension there will be a
landing page with information about
distributed web and there will probably
be reference to building applications
that make use of window ipfs object it's
also possible that we will provide a
link to that documentation from the
Preferences screen when user can you
know enable disable this this feature
that's that will probably happen in next
better right now we don't have any like
salt example we want to add code that
the text already pre-existing window
ipfs object to peer pad like a proof of
concept and like just to see how it
works
so that's on our roadmap but not yet
I think b5 yeah I think it raises their
hand before just give me a thumbs up all
right thank you all right we have any
other questions all right let's move on
the extra life we have is from David
about webinars thank you so as some of
you may know last week we have a quick
test run on the zoom webinar feature and
by the way thank you so much Jay Lars
and Dimitri for joining and we create a
doc movie notes which I would like to
share with you today so that we go
through what we learned say okay
everyone see my Firefox window oh good
and so yeah I quickly in an issue like
we invited everyone to sign up and then
we scheduled a webinar and we developed
a little script with the things that we
wanted to test the first thing that we
wanted to test was if we if a non host a
peer tuner or if a hosts was late with
just a participant be able to to start
the webinar and what we learned is no
like until like in zoom meetings if you
schedule a meeting like anyone can open
that link and start the call but for
some webinars you really need to have
the host and so from that like the next
question I was like what how can we have
multiple hosts we discovered that only
the people we protocol that item in
because our some account is on perkele
domain we could create one for Ipsy oh
that's a problem
but only people with those domains could
actually become hosts of the webinar and
so here isn't like me trying to add J on
this email and it doesn't work this
means like we could like we could have
sorry just keep me sane
sorry I was getting distracted by some
organization and Stephanie here so so
yeah like we could add multiple people
as hosts but then it means like we would
always have to make sure that like at
least one host like one person with an
IP pass domain was prepared to be
present otherwise the car would not
start and one of the things that I
discovered by chance was if you create a
call if you create a webinar and if you
are if you are signed as a host you
cannot have other meetings so for
example I manage there like all the
people here my penis on Io account and
they are all assigned as hosts for that
hour for that webinar if they asked we
have another call using zum-zum would
block them from opening another session
because it was said like their accounts
already being used to add that webinar
running
but like if you have any questions or
lecture near any other I'm not being
clear enough on what are the experiments
and the conclusions that you know the
the next thing that we want to try okay
like even if we went through the world
also by giving everyone that because of
IO accounts like enabling people to to
open open the webinar even if like they
don't the regular the regulars are not
here to open how could we set up the
live stream in in sitting at the live
stream is actually very simple
like after you enable it on the on the
dashboard for zoom like a simple posts
can just like click on the more button
and select which live streaming service
to use like YouTube Facebook Twitter and
so on however there is one more more
capture which is if we want to use
YouTube as our platform for
live-streaming then the person is going
to click that live stream has to be
logged in with you too
my PFS accounts so after you login with
a penis video you all set to login and
you have to be a manager of the YouTube
channel that we have on YouTube so
that's like double permission thing like
so what make sounds like we would have
to like blow those things set up for
everyone and yeah and so like this is
the message of like person that is not
the host sees before host joins there's
another thing and like people in
webinars are defaulted to participants
to attendees and attendees can only ask
questions to chat and a host can ask to
manually promote everyone to our
panelists and once they get promoted to
final is like then we have a similar
experience that we have here like a gal
review and like everyone can see
everyone and everyone can speak but it
is another minimal step like if the host
doesn't notice it someone joins the call
and I just there isn't any they might
well decide to leave because they might
think there's something wrong with zoom
but it's just like the house has to be
explicit and I promote someone to be a
panelist and yeah I think this is all
the warnings from that test session
pretty much the conclusion as you might
have noticed like we didn't get too much
excited like seems that the key dad's
more adults than benefits although like
adding like stream would be really nice
but like the fact that we would have to
set up accounts for everyone so that
everyone could open a session and that
only the people that have manager role
only to account can actually do the
livestream like and then again the
experience Bank of like we now have to
promote everyone to panelists and like
when people join they are just in kindy
like just makes changes the vibe from is
called like it's not that thing where
someone joins and everyone says hello
and and so on floors horizont here J or
Dmitri do in to add something anything
enemies
J go for it well I think the the test
pointed out some really key items that
are points of friction as you
highlighted a bead and you know
personally I I think it'd be really cool
to try to create something out of the
ipfs platform that might reduce the
friction points I know that's an
ambitious undertaking but something I'd
really really be interested in working
on or with other folks so that's my two
cents
thank you any questions Matt I just
point out that when we were streaming it
to YouTube I only Viktor and kuba were
actually even able to do it so we
already had so we had the limitation of
there were only two people who are
capable of doing this setup and they
were responsible for doing that setup
and then it just the overhead of that
setup ended up becoming so unwieldy that
they stopped doing it whereas this is
just like be logged into two accounts
and beyond the call so it's it works
then to have just two people who could
do that setup I guess it changes the
flow of like as people arrive you have
the leveling people up from being an
attendee to a to a panelist so and then
I guess I've partially retracts saying
it's the same and Jenny yeah have you
checked out the EAP I have is a link in
there I actually am looking at right now
for you can have an authentication and
create webinars I'm looking actually how
I thought there was a way to
automatically sling it to YouTube and so
there is like these automatic as in you
click a button and it starts livestream
but asks you to login into your Google
account which there is manager of the
night defense YouTube channel right I
think if you just yeah maybe not all
right I thought there was a hook to
authenticate ain't get a bearer token
for YouTube and include that I guess
isn't not gonna work
that was I think I know what you're
talking about like there was a
definitely a service a long time ago
like there was a time like egg outs and
so they do live streaming directly to
YouTube and then they remove that
feature from hangouts and then you as
well like a token from YouTube to enable
you to do the live stream but then it
was like a to two-step setup where you
like create a live stream schedule of
ice cream on YouTube brother token and
then paste it on the service that you
wanted to like string to until what Jim
does
for users like it like uses the YouTube
API to create that session and private
token and use it the right but again it
still requires application but for my my
YouTube account
I actually I have a static endpoint that
actually is like my live stream so if I
actually go zoom to my live stream it's
the same URL that I'm hitting all the
time that actually suddenly Johnny
crunches is live and so I think there is
also a plugin for slack and o'keefe I
don't really like slack but you actually
can link and have the slack and actually
just type zoom and actually creates an
automatic webinar mm-hmm okay
so I think what you are proposing was
similar to what we were doing with OBS
so open broadcasts yep yeah so so
obvious like we always add like the
static token from YouTube and and like
we were just a quick go I and it would
record into the window and the audio
coming from here to string to YouTube
yeah like two tomb to your point Matt to
your feedback match we could actually
just like ever special like you zoom
account and a special Gmail Google Apps
account that we are more comfortable and
into people instead of like having to
like if it counts to everyone and they
have to manage all that right now like
we kind of might do this anyway because
we have to login with our ops zoom
accounts to to then record and so yeah
III think
we can try to work it out and I document
this very well so it's very clear to
everyone what are the steps
[Music]
yeah like I'm not sure if that is better
than just having a machine somewhere we
obvious installed and just like it
narrows out to to screen capture this is
a window and the live stream
automatically maybe there is a issue
somewhere on github where we can point
people to to continue to find out
solution yeah absolutely
so like we can use the same issue issues
five seven one on ipfs p.m. it was a
shoe crate for the test now we can we
can use it to continue the conversation
soon you'll get other codes
yep yeah just just computing okay do we
have any other questions regarding the
webinars that people want to speak about
before we move on alright let's continue
to a point that was just added welcome
you admitted or the others hi out of
that I noticed that there's actually
like three or four or five new new faces
on so if you're new and you'd like to
say hello go ahead and and say hello and
maybe tell us tell us how you especially
how you learned about this call because
we're trying to make it more visible
okay I'll go first Zain been building
like infrastructure for the past decade
and then what was sort of on the fringes
of like sort of distributed data types
and like content addressable data so I
was just trolling the internet stumbled
across IPs and that was a really cool
project so then I wanted to look for a
way to sort of get involved I like
scanned across the like sort of github
issues and it was like oh it's this
there's no like a death call so then I
click on community and then couldn't
find the actual link for like a couple
weeks because I didn't realize that I
needed to like look at the calendar
entry in order to like find that and
then I would be like oh so actually what
would be really helpful is like if the
IRC BOTS just like spammed out the link
before I think you mentioned that on IRC
like not too long ago yeah yeah so
basically digging around through the get
issues I like stumbled across this
summon like the actual like zoom link
that's what it is missing
yeah thanks and we're in the world are
you uh I'm in Oakland actually San
Francisco basically cool I used to
manually spam out the link on to onto
IRC every week and I just stopped any of
the other newcomers want to say hello
hey Raghav I don't know if you can you
guys hear me yep
cool I guess I've talked to David
maybe you as well over email I work at
keep fold Labs in San Francisco with
Matt Longo and coke and just a you know
fan of Lupita peeve and reading the code
and trying to understand all the work
that y'all have done and to make use of
it and found out about this call through
IRC which I am doing a terrible job of
keeping up with anyone else want to say
blue yeah I'm Lexie and I'm actually
working with Raghav and I heard about
this through Roggeveen I've got IRC chat
client up I have it keep it keep it
running all the time just so it'll log
all the pages I'm actually in Atlanta
but yeah we're working with this up
youth ipfs technology
all right back to the regularly
scheduled programming
thank you welcome everyone
so now we have jared talking about
restructuring these calls the hola
so I put a new issue in the PMS useless
five seven three just put it in Chad
it's already in the notes and I actually
finished it before the last call so I
put that in the notes for last time so
it's also there so that proposal is
actually a not to change this call but
to create a new call especially to
welcome newcomers and discuss new items
or open items on issues or on the
discourse site and there's one comment
there so far I'm not sure if there's any
core members have commented on it yet or
looked at it yet and I don't have
permission I don't think to add any of
this so I'm really dependent on core
members to just before they're going to
implement a new call actually have
anything happen with that
all right so you sounds like you need
someone to jump in and help make sure
you put the help with this which is like
this setting up I do need to leave today
but I can help any other day later in
the week of time okay yeah and I can
like to know about
a couple quick notes kind of
disappointed to hear
David's evaluation of the zoom webinar
maybe that could be done via screen cap
on a separate machine broadcasting a
YouTube or even Facebook live or a
twitch or something and then I think we
need some way for people to know that
they can come on to the call somewhat
anonymously so if you see the gallery
view right now there's several names
without pictures or anything so this
last page item for the All Hands call
would apply to this new call as well and
that's a good place where we could
explain how people could come on pseudo
anonymous anonymously and sort of avoid
newcomer embarrassment
you all right do we have any questions
we're going good I'm gonna chime in on
negative issue I'm wondering about
timing I did
do people well I guess I'll just
[Music]
proposing another call for Friday means
like another day's disruption by calls
like this as opposed to just doing put
adding I call this back to back with
this one so that like people who've set
aside time to be on these calls can just
sort of allocate an hour instead of 30
minutes or an hour and a half instead of
instead of an hour would be at least for
my schedule more workable so and I know
that for other people it's the same so
I'll chime in on the github issue that's
completely about that on the issue also
8:00 a.m. on Fridays is a bit of a bad
time for a lot people just take that
yeah so let's let's let's hammer out the
timing on the on the github issue we
don't need to discuss it cool and the
link is in the notes if you're
interested in living your feedback sir
moving on to the next agenda item this
from Stephen about the Help Wanted
section
so it can be difficult to get people to
help out with various things and the
best thing is often we don't know how
loaded people are so you kind of think
random people and hope you don't
overload them and you just be nice to
have way to like just display all the
open problems and all they're all the
things we need worked on and a lot
people should volunteer it say hey I
have time write a I'm interested in
looking back on that so what people here
be interested in adding a Help Wanted
section to this college this short like
here are some quick issues I need
someone to tackle anyone have free time
detect this sound recently people
I'll take good yeah yeah just having my
hand what should I say it's really good
I think it's great like it's always like
I have received very positive feedback
from using this call in the past I was
in my car there's like these little
things like I great for first newcomers
it does require a lot of work because it
means like every week you or someone
else from the IPS team needs to prepare
lists and needs to make sure that
they're present here to describe one of
those issues and also like spends
everyone's time on listening what those
issues are and so what the Jays have
because people land project he's doing
right now he's using the local board
combination with a Help Wanted level and
like three difficulties so easy moderate
and hard and there was like a first call
for that just a DFS cornet team that
explained how to like how to see those
levels like what do they mean like
alcohol that means like anyone from the
community even without like a lot of
experience to be able to like jump in
and contribute difficulty easy typically
means like from our perspective again
you may never but like come up I'd be
like question four hours something I've
been doing the morning like an evening
and and be can we do those issues are
really this quick self-explanatory
so the fact a contributor could just go
into the issue and grab all the
information that they need to solve it
and if you allow that strategy I think
it's good for both implementations
because then it's like it
gonna make a way to like find work okay
and also like saves you time because
then people you can just point people to
walk aboard and it can filter before
everything that this is not a surface
for me you could be a mostly expert for
a while hmm
you may have extra time on cycle high
priority issue mm-hmm so and so for that
we have another set of widows which is
the priority for p0 54 right so for
example in every weekly that's all like
one of the things if we have time after
all the updates is to just open our
keyboard and I filter by the p0 zappy
ones and see what are the things that
are critical and right now no one's like
paying attention
yeah we do that but it doesn't mean it
wasn't either
so the point here is to server somebody
if you think that's a bit I think you'd
be screwed
I'm just saying it like we prepared
because you might need some some way to
scale that yes ma'am
so it sounds like there's just there
were two things in your request and two
beads responding and one of them one is
to have a way to surface the things
where help is needed and daveed saying
in order to do that you should be
grooming the github issues and make sure
that the github issues are sufficiently
groomed and surfaced in something like a
like a waffle board so that people can
see all of that together so it's not so
much about a time to have all that stuff
surface is about grooming the board not
about how many times what you're also
requesting is that hey let's have a time
in this call where people can say I
especially need synchronously I need
help with X help me with X and that that
sounds fine to me and it also connects
with the suggestion that we could do a
sort of ask me anything structure in
these calls and as part of a chair it's
been working on so we could - like
there's I am actively working on some
code and I need some help and then
there's also like I need to get my head
around I'm a newbie I don't understand
this API function and those both I think
can kind of coexist yeah this this
sector is mostly just like this really
does need to get done does anyone have
time to work on it you know like in
something it's more obvious and because
explicit and simple listing on some
waffle board somewhere or people may or
may not pick it up okay yeah it seems
like you already have a couple of issues
I can show them yeah very currently go
up you guys would like to Brooke we have
two things that really kind of need to
get done but no one has time for them
one is switching yogurt into new mdns
library currently this is causing a lot
of our current Garden of mdns library is
very buggy and has some nasty race
conditions that may be causing some
unsafe undefined behavior so if anyone
is
interested in anyone has time would
anyone interested in switching you up if
su is a new and Venus vibrate well okay
if you are interested you can go to the
issue and take a look at it I am sitting
time the second issue is we're trying to
push out a release but we still have a
lot of small bugs in the trans library
that we just finished merging and this
is kind of blocking at least so people
want to sort of tackle small but
somewhat hairy and painful to debug
issues that's the second issue there
there are three issues listed there
they're more on the issue tracker so and
I guess the reward is in you might be
miss movies different ones yes yes the
MVS library can technically wait you'd
be nice the job fest France things are
kind of prescient so if you have time I
want to look into it that's great very
cool thank you very much
we have any questions regarding this
seems to be pretty clear basically if
you want to do go-go three issue tracker
take somebody's alright moving on the
next point in Oregon DAW is about meetup
works
disappearing so today I received the emo
and I was not alone
but the ipfs bot user had stepped down
and there is no replacement so there
seems to be at least three methyl groups
effect on I am not sure who is managing
the meetup stuff I do believe David is
punishing at least one of them cooperate
yeah soon this is kind of like a muse to
me I need to check what happened I did a
lot of this work in the beginning
essentially I have in my personal
account a bunch of like a PEZ meetups
then I used ipfs what account to create
a bunch of our meetups because there is
a limit tree per account and so I don't
know what happened to that because what
account it seems like someone just close
that account
some reason let's check what happened
there but what we might need to do super
soon like it has happened to me in the
past that Mirabelle calm like when they
say they are going to close something
they actually delete from it otherwise
like there was a mirror that we had for
Portland and and we like I had to step
down to create another meetup because of
the limitation and like they deleted it
they didn't send me an email and then
when I try to recover like everything
goes wrong like Denny's lists like the
slides the photos etc so so we minded me
too yeah we need to act before March 8 I
am especially busy this week and so I'm
afraid that I might fail to pay enough
attention to understand what's going on
here so if someone would like to
volunteer to figure especially someone
that has access to these accounts would
like to want you to figure out this with
me will be great all right I can also
try to ping people or just try to do it
myself just just have in mind that
Mediacom will definitely the way thanks
Jay yeah I'll work with you on that to
get those averaged cool thank you so
much and yeah and thank you for bigger
for Jay for bringing this up some reason
for some reason I didn't receive this
email all right then we can move on then
we have the last agenda item it is
actually our demo about IP idea and
craft you are somebody calm
I think this here I'm here and I
I'm gonna share my screen and give you a
quick quick background I talked a little
bit about what we're working on a few
meetings ago but for those who don't
know we're building a marketplace for
the buying and selling of what we're
calling carbon removal credits or our
removal claims basically making it
easier for people to pay other people to
remove carbon from the atmosphere and
eventually reverse climate change and
we're backing all this on top of the
etherion blockchain and looking at ipfs
as a mechanism for storing or keeping
track of the data that proves certain
amount of carbon was removed so there's
a link to a github issue in the notes
which spells out our whole use case if
you're interested in but we've got just
a quick demo here to showcase how it
works so here I'm showing you our
internal pay our internal faucet
essentially preventing these crc assets
which are just tokens on the ethereal
blockchain and right now I can just type
in you know some data that proves carbon
was removed eventually this will come in
from api's or other sources that are
very strongly verified either by humans
or or cryptography or a combination to
do but I will mint one CRC which
represents one tonne of co2 removed and
so this does two things one is it as
some data onto into ipfs and it also
creates a new transaction in the
blockchain inside of that transaction is
the CID for the data that we stored and
on confess so here we can see the latest
CRC number 27 that I just minted I don't
know how many i'll expand this since
it's my GRC
here's the data that I just typed in
we've got we're using linked data so we
have krater data which points to another
ipfs node and then we have this graph QL
query which will traverse through these
IP LD nodes based on a schema that we
have come up with so in the top portion
cleaner data is actually just a link and
actually if I go into here I can grab
that greater data and spells out the
type of data that it is which is used to
figure out what schema it follows or I
can grab the whole note here and it's
just back that same thing or I can just
say give me creator data so right now we
are storing this data in Google Cloud
datastore and when we actually make
these graft wealth berries we're not
talking directly to ipfs but we're
instead talking to our datastore and our
datastore all it does is it keys by CID
and then the data is the raw bag Seaborg
encoded data but here's an example of
what the query looks like so I just say
this says CRC data but really it will
take any kind of cid and we can ask for
the IPL denote in particular and based
on the exact type of data that is stored
in that node we can query for various
things so if I grab this same CID over
here and query for it through graph ul
it'll gave me the the latest information
here anyways that's the demo I think
what we'd like to see happen with ipfs
and IPL D is
more kind of turnkey support for this
type of querying so that we can
basically remove ourselves as a central
point for both the storage of the data
and the querying of that data and
there's a in that ipfs issue with some
discussion about how we see that
happening
yes questions great maybe we could stop
the screen sharing before moving on to
questions so we can see everyone oh yeah
there we go let's go with Matt first and
then we have John it so just to clarify
you're writing the data as IP LD into
and local IP FS node and then you're
also indexing it into Google's graph
query service so that you can get the
graph query behaviors more dynamically
is that right a couple things one so
that we have more permanent storage
so we're instead of just having this
right now it just mirrored that data
into my local IP FS statement but if I
shut down my app EFS Damon I still want
to get that data back or or if I my IP
of s Thaman disappears so so that part
were storing from Cloud datastore any
other question - yeah I just uh
consider using at context similar to
Jason LD for your schema and then and
then actually that schema could also
just be a JSON object stored as IP Lt
that's what I do oh that's good
suggestion
cool we have some some more questions
any other last words from all this great
see people using activity all these
different ways very nice indeed it ok no
no I think that is about this board
right all hands unless someone has some
final words before you leave the wise I
think that's it thank you everyone for
taking the time to appear and we can
stop the recording on